Add more troubleshooting examples in MetalLB doc (#71)
suse-edge/suse-edge.github.io: docs/quickstart/metallb.md

</body>
</html>
```

> Also to verify that MetalLB is working correctly `arping` command is expected to work from the local machine but not `ping`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Also to verify that MetalLB is working correctly `arping` can be used as:
```

> `arping http://hellok3s.${IP}.sslip.io`

Reviewer: I'd say to remove `http://`

Reviewer: I'd say to also remove the ping note
```suggestion
`arping hellok3s.${IP}.sslip.io`
```

Expected result:

```sh

> Password:

Reviewer: this password is for sudo?

ARPING 192.168.64.210
60 bytes from 92:12:36:00:d3:58 (192.168.64.210): index=0 time=1.169 msec
60 bytes from 92:12:36:00:d3:58 (192.168.64.210): index=1 time=2.992 msec
60 bytes from 92:12:36:00:d3:58 (192.168.64.210): index=2 time=2.884 msec
```

> `ping http://hellok3s.${IP}.sslip.io`

Reviewer: Same here

> `ping http://hellok3s.${IP}.sslip.io`
> 
> Expected result:
> 
> ```sh
> PING hellok3s.192.168.64.210.sslip.io (192.168.64.210): 56 data bytes
> Request timeout for icmp_seq 0
> 92 bytes from 192.168.64.84: Redirect Host(New addr: 192.168.64.210)
> Vr HL TOS  Len   ID Flg  off TTL Pro  cks      Src      Dst
>  4  5  00 0054 cdad   0 0000  3f  01 abd7 192.168.64.1  192.168.64.210
> 
> --- hellok3s.192.168.64.210.sslip.io ping statistics ---
> 2 packets transmitted, 0 packets received, 100.0% packet loss
> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

In the example above, the traffic flows as follows:

> 1. http://hellok3s.${IP}.sslip.io is resolved to the actual IP.

Reviewer: and here

> 1. http://hellok3s.${IP}.sslip.io is resolved to the actual IP.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. hellok3s.${IP}.sslip.io is resolved to the actual IP.
```
